So, can you tell me what you're flying in the air show, how that relates to what you do for your service, and how it honors men and women in uniform everywhere?
Absolutely. So, I'm the commander and pilot of the F-22 demonstration team, which you see right here behind us, and actually that plane flying there in the background right now.
Uh, I've been the commander for the last two years, and what it means to me this weekend, truthfully, is just we're only here because of what the people who died and went before us were able to uh to give us, the freedoms that they're able to give us.
So to be out here at the Hyundai Air and Sea Show, uh, being able to celebrate with them and with everybody here this weekend is, uh, phenomenal.
Absolutely. Now, you guys are doing some pretty legitimate things up there in the air. You're flying close together. You're leading, you're trailing, you're doing all sorts of things acrobatic wise. Um, so how do you prepare mentally for something like that as you're pulling G-Force and trying to stay focused?
It's a lot like team sports, honestly. And we have a fantastic team. It's all hands on deck effort in order to get the aircraft prepared to lock in for the sortie and uh truthfully I'm I'm blessed to have a fantastic team to help me do that.
What do you hope that civilians get from watching you guys up there?
I hope everyone takes some time to reflect this weekend on why we're able to go out to the beach and have a fantastic time together and and really understand that without the sacrifices of those that went before us, none of this would have been possible.
Absolutely. Do you have a favorite moment from your enlistment and flying these jets that you can speak to as we think about the men and women who so bravely gave their lives for us?
I think day in and day out it's just being part of such a fantastic team. I joined the Air Force as a result of the F-22 demonstration team back in 2016 watching the demo and now to be on the other side of the fence hopefully lighting that same spark in someone else's life is it's quite an honor.
