I'd like to begin this talk with a photo demonstration.
Please be advised, this demonstration contains graphic images of Italian foods being violated and may be disturbing for Italian viewers and self-described cultured gastronomes.
There's a saying I learned while I was in Italy studying abroad my junior year.
Every time somebody puts pineapple on pizza, an Italian dies.
Now, if this were true, then after all the images I have just shown, there likely aren't many Italians left in Italy.
While putting pineapple on pizza might be offensive to many Italians, particularly the pizza proud Neapolitans, the food photos that I have just shown are each considered to be near universally blasphemous culinary sins.
For context, what the seven deadly sins are to Christianity, these sins are to Italian gastronomy.
The thing is, the food rules in Italy might seem unnecessary and arbitrary to outsiders, including myself when I first arrived.
Many of them are in fact quite senseful when understood in context.
As I came to learn, the cultural Italian food norms are rooted in some serious and well understood principles in math, science, logic, and even have deep historical and cultural roots.
Take for example the infamous cappuccino rule.
In Italy, a cappuccino is more or less strictly considered a breakfast drink.
After about 11:00 a.m. or so, it's not to be consumed until the following morning.
Now, the strict adherence to punctuality in this regard varies from region to region with some northern Italians occasionally having a cappuccino as an afternoon snack.
But the point is that it is predominantly considered breakfast drink that is not to be consumed in the afternoon and especially anywhere close to a meal.
Why, you ask?
Well, you see, Italians are obsessed with digestion.
They think about it a lot.
As such, they've come to the conclusion that the large amount of milk in a cappuccino can be heavy on the stomach, making it the ideal breakfast drink to fill you up in the morning when little to no food is consumed besides a pastry.
